README.md, before:

# Chapter Notes

## Chapter 8: highlight

This chapter helped to further improve the architecture of the application by splitting code into multiple files and adding tools such as Webpack to split front end code into component-based files, inject code into the browser incrementally, and refresh the browser automatically on front-end code changes. Also, the dependency on the CDN for runtime libraries was removed helped by webpack.

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter8.1.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter8.2.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter8.3.PNG)

## Chapter 7: highlight

This chapter focused on the architectural change by separating the UI and the API servers. Other key points included:

* Implications of CORS and coded an option for dealing with it using a proxy
* Use ESlint to check the code for both front end side and backend side

The issue encounter during this chapter was the npm cache. I was not able to install modules until I have cleaned the npm cache forcefully. 

The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter7.1.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter7.2.PNG)

## Chapter 6: highlight

This chapter focused on the installation and other ways of getting access to an instance of a database in MongoDB.

* Use the mongo shell and the Node.js driver to access the basic operations in MongoDB.
* The CRUD operations
* Modified the issue tracker to use above methods to read and write to the MongoDB database.

The issue encounter during this chapter is the environment path. I was not able to use mongo function on cmd until I add environment path of the db bin folder. 

The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter6.PNG)

## Chapter 5: highlight

This chapter focused on GraphQL API standard

* Built C and R part of CRUD
* Validation implementation and use GraphQL to handle errors
* Moved the array of issues from the browser's memory to the server's memory.

The issue encounter during this chapter is the complie process of UI and GraphQL. I was not able to display the issue list in the UI but was able to see it at GraphQL server. The root cause was the npm run compile function. I didnt initiate npm run watch and forgot to run compile. 
The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter5.PNG)

## Chapter 4: highlight

This chapter focused on how to use state and make change to it on user interactions or other events.

* Got a sense of basic user interaction：the click of a button to add a new issues
* Understood the difference between props and state.
* Understood how the UI causes the state to change and how the props in the descendant components changed
* Understood how a child can communicate with its parent via callbacks.

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter4.PNG)

## Chapter 3: highlight

In this chapter a barebones version of the main page of the Issue Tracker was created.

* Using React classes instead of simple elements
* Writing individueal components and putting them together (composing) in an enclosing component
* Passed parameters or data from an enclosing component to its children
* Reused a component class and rendered it differently with different data, dynamically using a map() to generate components based on an array of input data

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter3.PNG)

## Chapter 2: highlight

This chapter includes the basics of React applications can be built

* A server-less Hello World page has been created and a brief tryout of jsx
* Project set up including the nvm, Node.js, npm and Express
* Separate Script files and JSX transform to move the transformation to the build stage in the development. 

  - Issue encounter at this part, the working directory was messed up and when I try to deploy the page at localhost, the 404 error was kept coming. Finally, the final solution was managing the project package in the same directory as the development files.

* Set up the older Browser Support functions and install npm automate packages for development usage

Screenshot of the final work:

![](readme_image/chapter2.PNG)

Commit message:

Browser history router and update readme

README.md, after:

# Chapter Notes

## Chapter 9: highlight

This chapter learnt how to implement client-side routing includes show different pages depending on links in a menu or a navigation bar. It also shows how to connect the URL in the browser with that is shown in the page, and how parameters and query strings can be used to tweak the page contents.

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter9.PNG)

## Chapter 8: highlight

This chapter helped to further improve the architecture of the application by splitting code into multiple files and adding tools such as Webpack to split front end code into component-based files, inject code into the browser incrementally, and refresh the browser automatically on front-end code changes. Also, the dependency on the CDN for runtime libraries was removed helped by webpack.

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter8.1.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter8.2.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter8.3.PNG)

## Chapter 7: highlight

This chapter focused on the architectural change by separating the UI and the API servers. Other key points included:

* Implications of CORS and coded an option for dealing with it using a proxy
* Use ESlint to check the code for both front end side and backend side

The issue encounter during this chapter was the npm cache. I was not able to install modules until I have cleaned the npm cache forcefully. 

The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter7.1.PNG)

![](readme_image/chapter7.2.PNG)

## Chapter 6: highlight

This chapter focused on the installation and other ways of getting access to an instance of a database in MongoDB.

* Use the mongo shell and the Node.js driver to access the basic operations in MongoDB.
* The CRUD operations
* Modified the issue tracker to use above methods to read and write to the MongoDB database.

The issue encounter during this chapter is the environment path. I was not able to use mongo function on cmd until I add environment path of the db bin folder. 

The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter6.PNG)

## Chapter 5: highlight

This chapter focused on GraphQL API standard

* Built C and R part of CRUD
* Validation implementation and use GraphQL to handle errors
* Moved the array of issues from the browser's memory to the server's memory.

The issue encounter during this chapter is the complie process of UI and GraphQL. I was not able to display the issue list in the UI but was able to see it at GraphQL server. The root cause was the npm run compile function. I didnt initiate npm run watch and forgot to run compile. 
The screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter5.PNG)

## Chapter 4: highlight

This chapter focused on how to use state and make change to it on user interactions or other events.

* Got a sense of basic user interaction：the click of a button to add a new issues
* Understood the difference between props and state.
* Understood how the UI causes the state to change and how the props in the descendant components changed
* Understood how a child can communicate with its parent via callbacks.

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter4.PNG)

## Chapter 3: highlight

In this chapter a barebones version of the main page of the Issue Tracker was created.

* Using React classes instead of simple elements
* Writing individueal components and putting them together (composing) in an enclosing component
* Passed parameters or data from an enclosing component to its children
* Reused a component class and rendered it differently with different data, dynamically using a map() to generate components based on an array of input data

There was no major issues encounter during the development and the screenshot of the final work is showing below:

![](readme_image/chapter3.PNG)

## Chapter 2: highlight

This chapter includes the basics of React applications can be built

* A server-less Hello World page has been created and a brief tryout of jsx
* Project set up including the nvm, Node.js, npm and Express
* Separate Script files and JSX transform to move the transformation to the build stage in the development. 

  - Issue encounter at this part, the working directory was messed up and when I try to deploy the page at localhost, the 404 error was kept coming. Finally, the final solution was managing the project package in the same directory as the development files.

* Set up the older Browser Support functions and install npm automate packages for development usage

Screenshot of the final work:

![](readme_image/chapter2.PNG)
